1.24	Improved the speed of large EEPROM read/writes
		for COMET batts.

1.23	Removed Frozone EEPROM battery type, not needed.
		Fixed VBD saying Comet batt was OK if EEPROM failed
		Fixed a bug in the printing of the new VT cell ident data

1.22	Added support for VT 16KB EEPROM data

1.21	Fixed an issue where the battery temp values were unsigned

1.20	Cleaned up the V2 PP+ show data stuff
		Fixed GG current being an unsigned instead of signed
		Added test of RRM (Recover ROM mode) command

1.19	Added a function to set the timestamp to 31 days past the QMAX_DAY
		value to force a calibration.
		Added display of QMAXDOD to DGG command
		Fixed address of GG in ROM mode
		Fixed ROM mode gauge update

1.18	Fixed a bug in the read of QMAX_DAY which would overwrite the next
		30 bytes of data.
		Added a check for the gas gauge in PP+ batts being unsealed when you
		do a VBD command.
		Added descriptions to known addresses for scan bus command.

1.17	Added support for showing the time since first use and Qmax day
		for new gas gauge batts.
		Added support for reading the temp from the MPA2 temp chip.
		Added UHD "Update hex data" command to auto update battery data

1.16	Small changes to gas gauge update function after code review.
		Fixed an issue in displaying the time in temp/cap ranges

1.15	Changed to combined key arrays to be able to use a common
		key file with Android, the battery programming box and ZBAT.
		Seperated out the battery type data to a new .cpp and include file
		to make maintaing the list and using the code on BattProgLib simpler.
		Added checking/printing of V2 PP+ cell identification data
		Modified the update gas gauge function as per requests from Chris P.

1.14	Finished GG drive strength function.
		Changed V2 pullups from 3.3V to Vbatt

1.13	Fixed green LED during gas gauge update.
		Started adding drive strength function.

1.12	Added display of health and acc chgr records to V2 batts.
		Added busy LED indication to all file acceses.

1.11	Fixed green LED during file save
		Removed sync command, not needed.
		Removed extra check of data block 3 from V2 validation.
		Added format disk command

1.10	Added I2C drive strength setting to GG update function

1.9		Added code to call firmware update when Zebra internal
		code is loaded into a JDM box

1.8		Claned up printing of resetting message on UF command
		Added "SB" command to scan the I2C bus
		Added "UGG" command to program a .fs file.
		Added update auth for PP+ V2 batts
		Cleaned up JDM version selection macros

1.7		Added SharePoint link to startup and help messages

1.6		Added support for update battery command to PP+ V2 batts.
		Changed help text for update firmware command to show UF iinstead of LF.

1.5		Added automatcally ask for battery type on battery insertion.
		Added SN and HW version to inital startup message
		Added flag to tell if batttery should have a thermistor.
		Split out the battery data table to a seperate .h file
		Added a fix for 0 byte read errors. Restarted the FAT filesystem
		before every read/write/dir listing to resync it flash image.
		Added code to force JDM mode on invalid serial number.

1.4		Did a work around for bytes of 0 returned on file reads

1.3		Changed name to BattProgV2
		removed all use of F() for storing strings in flash. Not needed for ARM architecture
		General clean up.
		Added a prompt before restarting to load new firmware

1.2		Changed SN and HW rev storage. SN is now first two bytes of slot 0. HW rev is first 2 bytes of slot 1

1.1		Changed thermistor pull up from 33K to 5.1K to support BLE battery micro
		Changed relays to only be on when we have a battery inserted, and a valid battery type
		Improved help menu readability

1.0		Conversion from Arduino Mega version 2.19 to Adafruit M4 Express
