2.16	Added initial support for displaying Hawkeye battery data

2.15	Added support for dggf and sggf commands to PP+ V2 batts.

2.14	Fixed a typo in the MV2 command that set the initial data rev to 10 instead of 1.
		Added addtional format version checking to PPV2 validation.

2.13	Added code to "manufacture" PP+ V2 batts
		Added full unseal command

2.12	Initial released support for PP+ V2 batts.
		Reduced code size by simplifying validation error messages.
		Simplified display of GG registers.
		Reduced code size by using common flash based messages where possible.
		Added display data for MPA2 smart batts

2.11	Changed all auth chip batts to use 632 byte hex files.

2.10	Fixed display of full available capacity, it was showing nominal available capacity.

2.9		Cleaned up messages when checking PP+ factory static block.
		Fixed missing check of startup voltage when checking Pollux data.
		Added checking of PP SD660 data stored in PP+ areas
		Added text in verbose mode for EEPROM block allocation testing.

2.8		Added more verbose text when validating MPA2 and Hawkeye batts.
		Force JDM mode to always be non-verbose.
 
2.7		Added more verbose text messages when validating Pollux data.
		Fixed a bug that disabled auth chip serial number checks by default.
		Added message when battery fails validation, so you don't miss it.

2.6		Moved Elektra batts from Falcon to Sentry type.

2.5		Fixed Sentry checking of Pollus data.

2.4		Fixed handling of Sentry batts to account for split in data
		from EEPROM and Auth chip.
		Added support for showing size of both auth and EEPROM on
		batts that have both, reguardless of where data is stored.
		Added code to check if files being loaded are for auth or EEPROM
		to properly check for hex file size.

2.3		Fixed problem with hex file read from serial using
		WaitForKey() to get chars.

2.2		Added temp command to fix new gauge test batts "ID" block.
		Minor fixups found while converting code for Python lib.
		Added seperate VT_Valid flag.
		Added checks for rev 2 VT data format
		Fix for SD fat lib changing GetFileName to GetName
		Cleanup in VT data "Show"
		Added 'Update' function for VT batts

2.1		Value tier data format support finished
		Stored builtin auth chip SN string to remove need to read it every time.

2.0		Inital support for the new gas gauge
		Inital VT support (Support for 632 byte auth data)

1.44	Added a check for the record type when validating the Pollux battery health data record.

1.43	Added display of 1725 temp limits to Pollux and PP+ data.

1.42	Fixed a bug where the sunrise key was being used on Frenzy batts

1.41	Cleaned up printing of cell ident data, masked
		non-printable characters.

1.40	Added extra battery names to select battery type list.
		Added support for Frozone EEPROM

1.39	Fixed a bug that was not updating the part number/rev in Pollux batts
		when doing an update EEPROM.

1.38	Added WA command to Falcon/Ironman batts.
		Removed unneeded battery types: sentry auth. beast auth & EEPROM,
		Lightning auth
		Added Galactus battery type. Only uses auth chip. no EEPROM support.

1.37	Added Ship Mode data display/checking

1.36	Fixed display of QC serial number data

1.35	Added seal/unseal gas gauge commands.

1.34	Added support for MC95 display batts.

1.33	Added ability to overide check of auth chip serial number.
		Skipped monotonic counters and last use key in auth config check.

1.32	Added display of current from gas gauge in DGG command.

1.31	Added Lightning Auth Chip battery type

1.30	Added display of JEITA data to DPP+ command

1.29	Re-factored auth code to save some flash/ram space.
		Added SAD command to dump all auth chip checking data

1.28	Fixed Pollux batts to be 512 bytes not 256

1.27	Added a warning when trying to overwrite a battery about un-making it.
		Added code to flush buffer before doing a VBD command so old data is not
		checked after a bad read.
		Replaced reset with unseal to exit sealed mode.
		Added commands to access Auth chip config area and keys/sigs used
		during the authentication process.

1.26	Removed the scrolling numbers when reading/writing the EEPROM/Auth chip
		Went to Verbose mode on as the default

1.25	Added DGGF - Dump gas gauge flash as hex file
		Added SGGF - Save gas gauge flash as hex file

1.24	Added OLV - Override low voltage check command
		Added Verbose mode
		Added VERB - Toggle verbose mode command

1.23	Changed minimum battery voltage to 3.3V to leave margin
		for I2C port detecting a high level. (Min in high is 3V@5V VCC)
		Changed the validate command to be VBD - Validate battery data
		Added check for battery connected on power up

1.22	Added status command
		Removed status from help menu
		Added ability to select "no battery" to disconnect
		the I2C pullups.

1.21	Added command to set the FULLSLEEP bit
		Added command to show version information
		Modified some command names to make them simpler to remember 

1.20	Added commands to display the gas gauge registers
		Added command to hibernate the gas gauge
		Added code to detect battery in/out
		Added command to reset the gas gauge

1.19	Added "for internal use only" message

1.18	Fixed an error where verifies did not get called if
		the buffer was non-blank
		Removed extra call to FlushBuffer() in read file function

1.17	Added display of seconds since first use
		Fixed a bug in the SD660 area checksum calculation
		Cleaned up the "Continue Operation" question look.
		Added code to show used/free blocks checked
		Changed message for unprogrammed manf blocks to say "Note"
		Fixed message for no ID in block 2, had said blk1
		Put more status messages during PP+ validation
		Fixed display of SD660 data
		Fixed checking of free data blocks
		Fixed display of ident data

1.16	Added UVLO, OVLO, and cutoff voltage to SD660 area printout
		Expanded allowed characters in file names
		Added ESC for cancel in GetFileName()
		Added initial cut at "Manufacture Battery"
		Changed GetFileName to GetText
		Fixed a bug that caused the unencrypted data from the
		SDM660 and Ident blocks to be used when the blocks
		were marked as free. This caused free block errors
		in blocks 14 and 15.
		Fixed a bug where the command buffer Buf[] in Loop() was not
		declared static, and not initialized properly

1.15	Fixed display PP+ data not failing on blank EEPROM

1.14	First "JDM" version

1.13	Modified help menu to show auth data read write
		commands for any battery with an auth chip
		Added code to return a failed status when user
		continues validation after any failure

1.12	Added "KeepGoing" function to allow validation
		to continue on an error if user wants
		Added code to check for a blank buffer
		before certain operations
		Added validation of Hawkeye data
		Fixed a bug in Pollux validation that skipped
		checking the checksum on the charger control data
		Redisplayed current command line buffer after
		getting an SD card In/Out message

1.11	Added display of Pollux/8956 data
		Added display of 660 data in PP+ area
		Changed battery validation to use data already
		in buffer instead of reading from chip

1.10	Fix for Beast showing too much hex data
		Fix for stuck TWI when batt is removed/replaced
		Added Pollux/8956 data validation

1.9 Added initial support for Beast

1.8	Added code to limit JDM device capability
	Added validation of PP+ data
	Added in GG reg read

1.7 Added framework for validate data support.
	Removed checking of slot 8 for default data.
	Removed check for blank OTP area.
	Fixed extra "Passed" when checking crypto chip config.

1.6	Fixed bug that prevented directory command from working
	Added EEPROM update support

1.5	Added bounds checking on hex reads

1.4	Added multiple character commands.

1.3	Added defs for all the battery type numbers in BattProg.h

1.2 Added flag for clock switch control needed
	Added code to check for successful I2C writes
	Added code to check for a "stuck" clock before transactions

1.1	Added auth data read write

1.0	Initial release
